docs/en/api-reference/bluetooth/index.rst, before:

Bluetooth API
*************

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Bluetooth Controller && VHCI <controller_vhci>
   Bluetooth Common <bt_common>
   Bluetooth LE <bt_le>
   Bluetooth Classic <classic_bt>


To see the overview of the ESP32 Bluetooth stack architecture, follow links below:

* `ESP32 Bluetooth Architecture (PDF) [English] <http://espressif.com/sites/default/files/documentation/esp32_bluetooth_architecture_en.pdf>`_
* `ESP32 Bluetooth Architecture (PDF) [中文] <http://espressif.com/sites/default/files/documentation/esp32_bluetooth_architecture_cn.pdf>`_

Example code for this API section is provided in :example:`bluetooth` directory of ESP-IDF examples.

Several examples contain detailed description. To see them please follow links below:

* :example_file:`GATT Client Example Walkthrough <bluetooth/gatt_client/tutorial/Gatt_Client_Example_Walkthrough.md>`
* :example_file:`GATT Server Service Table Example Walkthrough <bluetooth/gatt_server_service_table/tutorial/Gatt_Server_Service_Table_Example_Walkthrough.md>`
* :example_file:`GATT Server Example Walkthrough <bluetooth/gatt_server/tutorial/Gatt_Server_Example_Walkthrough.md>`
* :example_file:`GATT Security Client Example Walkthrough <bluetooth/gatt_security_client/tutorial/Gatt_Security_Client_Example_Walkthrough.md>`
* :example_file:`GATT Security Server Example Walkthrough <bluetooth/gatt_security_server/tutorial/Gatt_Security_Server_Example_Walkthrough.md>`
* :example_file:`GATT Client Multi-connection Example Walkthrough <bluetooth/gattc_multi_connect/tutorial/Gatt_Client_Multi_Connection_Example_Walkthrough.md>`

Commit message:

NimBLE: Add documentation for ESP NimBLE stack

docs/en/api-reference/bluetooth/index.rst, after:

Bluetooth API
*************

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   Bluetooth Controller && VHCI <controller_vhci>
   Bluetooth Common <bt_common>
   Bluetooth LE <bt_le>
   Bluetooth Classic <classic_bt>
   NimBLE <nimble/index>


ESP-IDF currently supports two host stacks. The default Bluedroid based stack supports classic BT as well as BLE. On the other hand, Apache NimBLE based stack is BLE only. As a result, the latter one is less demanding in terms of code footprint and runtime memory making it suitable for BLE-only use cases.

To see the overview of the ESP32 Bluetooth stack architecture, follow links below:

* `ESP32 Bluetooth Architecture (PDF) [English] <http://espressif.com/sites/default/files/documentation/esp32_bluetooth_architecture_en.pdf>`_
* `ESP32 Bluetooth Architecture (PDF) [中文] <http://espressif.com/sites/default/files/documentation/esp32_bluetooth_architecture_cn.pdf>`_

Example code for this API section is provided in :example:`bluetooth` directory of ESP-IDF examples.

Several examples contain detailed description. To see them please follow links below:

* :example_file:`GATT Client Example Walkthrough <bluetooth/gatt_client/tutorial/Gatt_Client_Example_Walkthrough.md>`
* :example_file:`GATT Server Service Table Example Walkthrough <bluetooth/gatt_server_service_table/tutorial/Gatt_Server_Service_Table_Example_Walkthrough.md>`
* :example_file:`GATT Server Example Walkthrough <bluetooth/gatt_server/tutorial/Gatt_Server_Example_Walkthrough.md>`
* :example_file:`GATT Security Client Example Walkthrough <bluetooth/gatt_security_client/tutorial/Gatt_Security_Client_Example_Walkthrough.md>`
* :example_file:`GATT Security Server Example Walkthrough <bluetooth/gatt_security_server/tutorial/Gatt_Security_Server_Example_Walkthrough.md>`
* :example_file:`GATT Client Multi-connection Example Walkthrough <bluetooth/gattc_multi_connect/tutorial/Gatt_Client_Multi_Connection_Example_Walkthrough.md>`
